Большинство звуков взято отсюда, из бесплатного раздела. https://www.freesoundeffects.com
Лицензия - https://www.freesoundeffects.com/licence.php

    What You Can Do With Our Sounds
    Add them to any feature film, video, website, Flash animation, podcast, instructional DVD, computer games....
        You can use our sounds for almost anything you can think of. No recurring royalties, no hidden costs, no submitting cue sheets.
    Add them to any software program, web application or computer game
        You just need to make sure the sounds are part of the app or game and not distributed as a separate sounds effects directory.
    Use them in any theatre performance, art gallery, museum, performance piece
        You can use these sounds in any type of live performance.
    What You Cannot Do With Our Sounds
    You cannot resell these sounds as sound effects individually or in a collection
        They can be incorporated into your project and the resulting product can be sold but not the sounds by themselves.
    You cannot repurpose these sounds for resale as ringtones or any other sound effect type product
        You cannot buy our sounds and then sell them as something else like a ringtone and you cannot combine our sounds and resell them as sound effects.
    You cannot post them on a website for visitors to download.
        You can use the sounds as background sounds for your website but you cannot post a link so that your visitors can download and use the sounds.
    You cannot take our sounds and create an audio CD using only our sounds.
        For example, you can use our Rain Forest Ambience to loop behind your yoga instructional video that includes a voice-over but you cannot create a Rain Forest Ambience audio CD using only our sound and resell them.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-
-
-
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Кроме файлов:
axe.ogg
leskaiudochka.ogg
zatochil.ogg
zakinul.ogg
sheep.ogg
roundkozel.ogg
horse.ogg
gallop.ogg
goodbyehorse.ogg
drinkwater.ogg
eatkolobok.ogg
vedroinkolodec.ogg
zanaveska.ogg
gulls.ogg
sea_waves.ogg
trees_sigh.ogg
trees_sigh_happy.ogg
whistle.ogg
flashlight.ogg
birds.ogg

Они взяты отсюда - https://www.zapsplat.com
Лицензия - https://www.zapsplat.com/license-type/standard-license/

License: Standard License

Important – please read.

You MUST agree to the terms below before using our website and downloading and using our free sound effects. We have tried to make our license as easy to understand as possible and we really want you to get the best use from our free sound effects and music. If in any doubt about how you intend to use our sounds with regards to this license, please get in touch.

This License grants a single user the right to download and use our sound effects and music. However, users upgrading to a Gold Account can upgrade for multiple users. Click here

Attribution / Credit Required

Sound effects licensed via this standard license require attribution in the form of a credit / link back to our website. Please do NOT credit us from any social media platform. Credits must be added to the project itself, for example in your YouTube video description, app or game credits page or your projects related website or blog etc.  We are fairly flexible on how you do this, but we recommend something like:

    “Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com“
    “Additional sound effects from https://www.zapsplat.com“
    “Music from https://www.zapsplat.com“
 
Can’t (or don’t want to) credit us if you use our sounds? 

If you can’t or don’t want to attribute or credit us when using sounds from this license, you can upgrade your account to a Gold account with a small monthly or yearly donation (you choose how much and cancel anytime). This means you no longer have to credit us, you can also download the original WAV files for all sounds and the 10 second download delay is also removed. Any sounds downloaded while your account is upgraded to Gold retain Gold privileges, including attribution removal for life in unlimited projects.
 
What you can use our free sound effects for:

You can use our sound effects in any non-commercial, commercial and broadcast production, including but not limited to….

    Films, television and radio programmes
    Commercials
    Radio and Podcasts
    Games and apps
    Within software
    YouTube videos
    Blogs and websites
    School projects
    Presentations, conferences, exhibitions etc
    Theatrical performances and live shows
    Musical compositions and performances

Sound effects must be embedded or synchronized with your production and not be the primary value of your project (in a sound effect app for example). You are allowed to edit the sound effects to fit your project and mix them with other sounds to form new sounds. However you must not redistribute the sound effects outside of your production (see below for more details). If your intended use for our sounds isn’t listed above and you are unsure, please contact us

What you can’t use our free sound effects for:

You may not use our sound effects for the following purposes under any circumstances…

    Our sound effects must not be shared with any person.
    Our sound effects must not be distributed in any form including on other websites, on social networks, file sharing platforms, CD, DVD or any other ROM.
    Our sound effects can not be loaned, rented, sub-licensed or sold to any third party.
    Our sound effects can not be edited to form new sound effects for sale or distribution outside of your project.
    Please do not share or share links to download our sounds and music to YouTube or any other video or audio network where the primary value is to share our sounds or music outside of a production.

Copyright

Our sound effects and music are licensed to you, not sold on a non-exclusive basis in accordance with the terms of this agreement. No intellectual property rights are transferred to you. Therefore our sound effects and music can be used royalty free in your projects, but we or our contributors retain all copyrights.

Indemnification

The Licensee agrees to indemnify ZapSplat.com from any claims, law-suits, damages and any liabilities including reasonable expenses and legal fees incurred relating to any matter that may arise if this licence agreement is breached.
 
Disclaimer of Warranties

Zapsplat.com provides the sound effects and music files on this website on an as-is basis and provides no warranties or conditions of any kind. While we have taken absolute care and precautions to ensure the sound effects we provide are error free, we will not be liable for any loss or damage to your systems as a result of downloading and using our sound effects.

Limitation of Liability

The Licensee agrees that Zapsplat.com holds no liability with regards to any claims made in relation to this agreement.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Файлы:
breath.ogg
breath2.ogg
breath3.ogg
breath4.ogg
Распространяются на условиях лицензии CC Attribution 4.0 International License

License: CC Attribution 4.0 International License

You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Вы можете посмотреть оригинал лицензии здесь:
You can view the original license here: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0